Add Documentation (#125)
danielgtaylor/python-betterproto: docs/quick-start.rst

Getting Started
===============

Installation
++++++++++++

Installation from PyPI is as simple as running:

.. code-block:: sh

    python3 -m pip install -U betterproto

If you are using Windows, then the following should be used instead:

.. code-block:: sh

    py -3 -m pip install -U betterproto

> To get compiling support, you should use betterproto[compiler] instead of betterproto,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the protoc plugin, you should use betterproto[compiler] instead of betterproto,
```
